Add a note for proxy support in adal-node (#4077)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: maintenance/adal-node/README.md

});
```

### Note on Proxy support for adal-node

> We have moved to `axios` as the package of choice for httpRequests for adal-node from `request` since the npm support for `request` is discontinued. However we noticed later that `axios` does not support proxies - filed [here](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072#issuecomment-567473812). Since we are making only security changes to `adal-node`, we are refraining from making any changes. However, we do recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have moved to `axios` as the package of choice for HTTP requests for adal-node from `request` since the npm support for `request` is discontinued. However we noticed later that `axios` does not support proxies -filed [here](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072#issuecomment-567473812). Since we are making only security changes to `adal-node`, we are refraining from making any changes. However, we do recommend using `https-proxy-agent` as suggested in the issue linked in case you need proxies for your application.
```
